add note about boltdb_shipper deprecation (#10524) (#10652)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/get-started/architecture.md

### Single Store

> Loki stores all data in a single object storage backend. This mode of operation became generally available with Loki 2.0 and is fast, cost-effective, and simple, not to mention where all current and future development lies. This mode uses an adapter called [`shipper`]({{< relref "../operations/storage/tsdb" >}}) to store the index files in object storage the same way we store the chunk files. It works with both TSDB (`tsdb`, recommended) and BoltDB (`boltdb-shipper`, legacy) index types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loki stores all data in a single object storage backend. This mode of operation became generally available with Loki 2.0 and is fast, cost-effective, and simple, not to mention where all current and future development lies. This mode uses an adapter called [`TSDB`]({{< relref "../operations/storage/tsdb" >}}) to store the index files in object storage the same way we store the chunk files. 
```

### Single Store

> Loki stores all data in a single object storage backend. This mode of operation became generally available with Loki 2.0 and is fast, cost-effective, and simple, not to mention where all current and future development lies. This mode uses an adapter called [`boltdb_shipper`]({{< relref "../operations/storage/boltdb-shipper" >}}) to store the `index` in object storage (the same way we store `chunks`).
> Note: tsdb_shipper was introduced in 2.8 and it deprecated the previous boltdb_shipper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Loki stores all data in a single object storage backend. This mode of operation became generally available with Loki 2.0 and is fast, cost-effective, and simple, not to mention where all current and future development lies. This mode uses an adapter called [`shipper`]({{< relref "../operations/storage/tsdb" >}}) to store the index files in object storage the same way we store the chunk files. It works with both TSDB (`tsdb`, recommended) and BoltDB (`boltdb-shipper`, legacy) index types.
```
